# Clutch

## Synopsis

Video Themes: Softcore, BJs, Masturbation, Hardcore, Femdom Pegging, Sounding, Bondage, BDSM.
Story Themes: Femdom, Estim, Mind Control, Chastity, Bondage.

Possible trigger warnings: Breath Control, Photosensitivity.

This project is much in the same vein as "Mistress & Control Box" (MCB) but is a more refined production. It is also a fair bit longer.

It is written such that it is somewhat gender neutral. I might have slipped a couple of times, but the overall feel should be enjoyable to a wider audience this time around. There's also more contrast in this one between mild and explicit scenes. Overall, there's less hardcore scenes going on compared to MCB, but there's still a heavy dose of Fetish/BDSM content.

The story isn't 100% in-your-face explicit, and that's deliberate. I'm hoping this makes it re-watchable more times.

The style is as in MCB: most cuts are simple cuts, with some light effects here and there, more toward the end. More care has been spent on clip selection and cut pacing instead. A large part of the edit process was to cut down a larger set of footage into the footage which ultimately made it.

### Format

Video is in 1920x960 @ 30fps. The format gives some wiggle room in 1080p footage to reframe shots. Some of the sources are 4k, most are 1080p and a few are 720p. Where needed the lower resolution footage was upscaled to 4k/1440p for reframing. Some sources are 24/25 fps, and I've retimed those. There are a few frames where errors occur (moire patterns, pulled color too far, optical flow missing its estimation, etc.), but overall the quality should be good.

I'm using h.265 / Main10 as the profile for the encode. 10-bit helps a lot with banding in this production, and it looks considerably better at 10 than 8 bit. The main encoder used was x265 in CRF mode with an RF of 20. Main delivery was DNxHR HQX (10-bit).

Audio has been normalized (-1.0 dBTP Peak, -16.0 LUFS integrated). It is somewhere between YouTube and Netflix's standards.

ESTIM has been normalized to -1.0 dBFS Sample Peak Program.

Subtitles are provided, in `.srt` format. By keeping them separate, not burned into the video, we can add subtitles for different languages without this becoming a mess. And we can update them easily, without having to do a costly re-render.

### Voice Synth

The voice is driven by a Text2Speech model (XTTSv2). For each sentence, the text was rewritten until it sounded as natural as I could get it, then 5 takes were made. Audio was edited by stitching together the best of those takes. There's more script than what ended up in the production. I cut a lot of the stuff away because it didn't fit in the end.

Speech synthesis hallucinates a lot. You might have to do many takes before it hits a rhythm or tone you like. From a standpoint of editing, it is way more time-consuming than editing a good VA, because they can nail it all in one take, so you don't have a massive editing job at hand. At least as of this time of speaking (Q1 2025).

## Estim

The wiring I used for development was:

A/L: Head
B/R: Plug
Common: Base

The signal pulsates between A and B, so keep that in mind when deciding on a different wiring setup. The B signal has some places where it goes pretty hard between Common/B.

I've generated two versions of the ESTIM: mild and spicy. The spicy signal bumps the amplitude of a couple of notches around edges in the file.

The signal is 3-phase, with a pulse much like in MCB. A new development is that there's some spikes which happen on a different frequency in between the pulses on the edge sections between Common and B.

* The signal was mostly created with Stereostim in mind.
* The signal seems to work ok on a 312.
* The signal is unlikely to work well with a 2B.

### Development

The Estim signal was generated by the following method:

A video editor (NLE) is used to place markers in the video, indicating important events. The markers are then exported and translated into a script which can be read by the Synth/Signal-generator SuperCollider. In Supercollider, an object (in the object-oriented sense) is created for each act, and the events invoke methods on this object. There's a class/object hierarchy with the base methods in superclasses. This lets us share common functionalty among the different acts. The invoked events drive different synths which produces the signal.

As is the case for MCB, the signal owes a lot of work to diglet and the Restim software. There's a supercollider re-implementation of the core ideas for encoding information in the phase of a stereo signal.

Two timers (TempoClocks) are used. One timer runs at wall-clock speed to invoke script events at the right time. The other timer is running at the BPM of the underlying music, which means that patterns generated in supercollider can follow along the beat of the music. As music changes tempo, so does this TempoClock.

## Files

* Clutch-x265-rf20.mp4 - x265/ffmpeg encode at rf20 of the master.
* Clutch-eng.srt - English subtitles.
* Clutch-ESTIM-mild.mp4 - This signal increases edges by 0.025 and has spikes at 1.4 times the nominal power level.
* Clutch-ESTIM-spicy.mp4 - This signal is more potent around edges. It increases the overall volume by 0.03 and spikes by a factor of 1.6.
* tools - The tools used to develop the ESTIM track

## Music

* Intro: Thomas Rubeck - Cadence
* Act1: STL - From a Distance, 16BL & Wild Dark - Always (Extended Mix)
* Act2: Ott - Little Tiny Elephant, Sync24 - Bunnies on Shrooms
* Act3: Quivver - Response, Hedflux - Wanderlust, Hedflux - Fractal Funk, Colleen D'agostino, deadmau5 - Stay (drop the Poptart Edit), Mobiius - Control, Mobiius - Hunger.
* Credits: Jon Hopkins - Abandon Window

## Credits

* Script editing: SenorGif2
* The rest: AQParrot
